Document kuryr_openstack_ca option (#20648)
openshift/openshift-docs: install_config/topics/ocp_osp_provisioning.adoc

openshift_kuryr_subnet_driver: namespace
openshift_kuryr_sg_driver: namespace

> # If OpenStack cloud endpoints are accessible over HTTPS set option below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If OpenStack cloud endpoints are accessible over HTTPS, provide the
CA certificate
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
